hello YouTube axle here with blades guns
and fun today I'm going to be doing a
review on the schrade X timer camp knife
I've had this knife for about a year
overall length on it is eleven point
seven five inches blade is set six point
seven five inches and it is 440c
stainless steel the handle is what
shrade calls the shirt grip handle which
is true because that I love the handle
on this thing
it has a very front heavy blade which I
have used this for cutting and I've also
used it as a mini hatchet of sorts to
cut down trees camera that I'm using
right now doesn't work that well but you
can get a very good downward force and
whack into something big with it like I
said I've cut down trees the blade
I used this probably last summer I think
me and Mac had at our camp I beat the
heck out of it and we started throwing
it some trees which probably wasn't a
good idea for this kind of knife but the
blade got kind of beat up doing that and
since its 440c I had a pretty hard time
getting a good edge back on it I did get
a good edge on it but they're still
chunks missing but overall this is a
pretty good knife I have a fire starter
that I usually use to start our
campfires and the back of this thing you
can tell if you can hear that but it's a
straight edge and it's great for using
the striker like I said out of the box
this thing was pretty sharp I want to
say it was about twenty-five dollars
maybe 20 on Amazon
I put a paracord lanyard on it just for
a little something to grab the only
thing I don't the knife itself I
probably give five stars I beat the crap
out of it and the only thing that
happened was this little brass pig here
after being whacked at trees again and
again and again started to come loose
and now it'll just slide out
but the lanyard kind of keeps it in
place other than that this knife held
together very well it feels good in the
hand I actually bought one of these for
Mac for Christmas this year
the sheath I'm not a very big fan of
once it's in once it's in and snap shut
it's not coming out like no way it's
coming out belt loop it's pretty big so
that's nice but it rough getting it out
especially when you first buy it and I
doubt you'll be able to see this but I
sliced the knob you can see that I
sliced the inn's there's a hard plastic
piece inside of it but the way it tapers
down the big part of the knife sliced
through that so I've messed up the whole
inside of the sheath I was wearing it on
my belt and wasn't really looking and
just kind of stuck it down in there
sliced that open but other than that the
sheath is all right if it wasn't for the
sheath if they would have done better
with the shaper I wouldn't give this 5
out of 5 stars definitely for the price
like I said I I'm not sure on the price
but I'll put it on the information for
the web page great knife great camp
knife good for cutting you don't want to
do anything real fine with it but the
way the blade curves up like that if
you're one
to clear limbs off of sticks or make
some Kinlan do anything around the camp
this is a pretty good knife Thanks